How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, 
which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you 
use this CRUD Python module in the future?

  Writing programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable is essential for any computer scientist. This is done by writing code that is
easy to read (it is not cluttered or unorganized). It is also important to include reader notes so that whoever is examining the code can follow
along easily. Adaptable code allows someone to edit it when they find something wrong or something that could be done more efficiently. The CRUD
python module helped me understand what is important when writing code. It showed me that there are different methods of doing it but there is always
a better way. I could use the CRUD module in the future when I am struggling writing efficient code. I can look back to it when I forget what is
important and what I can do better. It will act as a reminder that I need to do a better job communicating my intentions with my notes, and it
helps enforce how to code like a computer scientist.


How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested.
How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create
databases to meet other client requests?

  I approach a problem as a computer scientist by examining exactly what the client is requesting. Once I have a clear understanding of the project, I can
give the client ideas and approximations relating to the time it would take to complete it, budgetary concerns, security concerns, and maintenance once the
project is completed. My approach to the final project was different than in other courses. This is because this was the first major coding project I have
attempted here at SNHU and it required a lot of coding and understanding of both MongoDB and Jupyter Notebook. I learned a lot about Python and how to manipulate
databases. In the future, I would remember what I learned in this course about having readable code with helpful notes. I would implement what I learned aboout
viewing and editing databases so that I could do whatever the client would ask of me. I could sort their data into categories/groups and I could have that data
readable as a chart or graph or even a map. I think future clients would be satisfied with the type of dashboard requested by Grazioso Salvare.


What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

  Computer scientists do a variety of things. They range from cybersecurity experts to network administrators to researchers in fields like AI. It matters because
we live in a digital age and it is here to stay forever. The world will continue shifting everything online and the need for computer scientists will only increase.
This type of work would help companies visualize their data so they can determine the best course of action as a business. A company like Grazioso Salvare can do their
jobs much easier when they can visualize their information and interact with it in a meaningful way. They can use this dashboard to show their clients what they do and
make it look professional. This type of work not only helps the animal shelter business, it can help any kind of business in the world that deals with organizing data
and the need to constantly update it. When someone approaches Grazioso Salvare to adopt an animal, the company can use the dashboard to interact with their database and
help their customers find exactly what they're looking for.
